I believe audience isn't gonna be pretty
impressed by this one you'd make movies
that kind of push the envelope and just
to do stuff that people haven't seen
before the constant challenge is how to
raise the bar for action
Chris Hemsworth is an extremely
physically gifted athlete we're trying
to get him to do as much as possible you
do stop works and fight scenes and
hopefully achieving something that no
one else has done before
[Music]
everybody wants to see their heroes like
the actors doing the action the
challenge becomes how far can we push
them safely so we're trying to make sure
we connect the action to the story and
make sure that the action is story
driven that's evangelist rehearsals we
were exhausted it's hard to stand
outside for 12 hours and I'm degree heat
that's good that's good fun well shoot
these scenes anywhere from 5 to 15 times
the Hemsworth please push very hard on
the film this is risky as it gets a lot
of gun thoughts
we did some hand-to-hand combat
it is as real as anything you've seen
without any special effects a
green-screen I've done a lot of action
before but not this sort of complexity
in there and this kind of detailing some
now
it's definitely been a memorable
shooting yeah well one that I wish I
could repeat again and again
[Music]